you can only do so much through
traditional therapy we wanted to do
stem-cell treatments to get him the
extra boost he needs and then through
therapy develop more abilities I mean I
don't think stem cells alone are gonna
cure anything unless you keep going with
the therapy and you know further train
his mind to do new things and whatnot so
you know we're we want to do as much as
we can for our son Lee so young and you
know doing stem-cell treatments for them
I think will give them the extra boost
with being able to do new things which
after our first visit here we've
definitely seen some of that
mike ritchie my son is Andrew Ricci he's
currently three he's just turned three
years old wait he was born at 25 weeks
15 weeks premature
he's yes several palsy sometime between
one week and one month of age he had a
hemorrhage in his brain was initially
diagnosed as a grade four it was then
reduced to a grade three after an MRI
and the part of his not a medical person
but the basal ganglia I think it's a
correct term for the area of his brain
that got damaged but anyway the the area
of his brain that got damaged was the
part that controls motor functions so
that was damaged and ever since he's
gotten out of the NICU and gotten home
we've been doing therapy with him since
he was diagnosed with cerebral palsy
it made motor movement and pretty much
every area I mean he could do some very
basic rolling extremely hard for him to
roll on his own
pretty rare he could make very few
sounds one maybe two could do Bob quite
easily da was kind of distracted that's
me
ah no real he couldn't really manipulate
his fingers that well being able to grab
things with his hands was pretty tough
especially in the in the right hand you
know he had high tone arching yeah he's
he didn't really he obviously had the
system with with everything we do
yeah yeah so it was very hard to feed
him well if all of his foods had to be
something thickened or made into like a
baby food consistency
he couldn't drink juices or water
straight he would choke and throw up he
would always throw up at some point
during the day pretty much an entire
meal for the entire previous two meals
it delayed gastric emptying as well so
feeding him was pretty tough
a drink
some grilled cheese yes
it's a big bite Jarrow
by the time he left he was eating nachos
and cheese and drinking water pretty
good and we didn't have to sicken
anything and he's eating just regular
human food and he was not throwing up I
mean just coming here just for him to
not throw up alone was definitely worth
it you know he's diagnosed like I was
saying before he was diagnosed with
delayed gastric emptying and so having
him not throw up two or three times a
day and they're in the middle of the
night is just it was just huge for us
and we we were able to get him off a
whole bunch of medications because of
that a lot of the stuff that related to
was related to improvements in as with
his delayed gastric emptying that was
you know before we even left the
facility and we were here for five weeks
so you know within but in a month we saw
the internal improvements the majority
of the the motor stuff we saw between a
month in a month to six months out he
was able to make more sounds he was able
to have better fine motor control like
he was they actually able to start
pointing at things and you could
actually reach out and steady his arm
you point to the crocodiles 1 2 was the
other one was the other crocodile point
total 3 i'm control was better he was
able to roll over unassisted quite a bit
easier
he was able to roll over assisted he
even better you know before we came here
he was starting to crawl and you know
actually looking back now on her second
treatment he's able to crawl a lot
easier
with minimal assistance - it's really
kind of hard to do internet research on
facilities that do stem-cell treatments
but being able to see other patient
experiences and the stem cells China
website and being in touch with contact
from from the company it was very
helpful and the the thoroughness of the
medical application for the
pre-screening for patients was you know
after going through all those processes
and reading reading up about other
patient experiences it kind of gave me a
comfort level that it's you know
legitimate place they're doing good
things there and people are seeing
improvements so everything from our
first treatment for our son was I think
it's pretty amazing what what came about
it you know not many people know much
about stem cells and what they can do
and a lot of the things that you see
about stem cells it's okay now this kids
walking and stuff and it's like well you
know no they're not exactly going to do
that they're going to help then ways
you're never going to imagine